Updated readme fo go mod (#19)
Anrop/Anrop-Streams: README.md

## Requirements

Code is written in [Go](https://golang.org/) and uses
[Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) for dependency
management.

## How To Use

> Download all dependencies and compile the sources with `go build`.

Reviewer: This makes it seem like you have to download the dependencies separately.
```suggestion
Use `go build` to download all dependencies and compile the sources.
```
Or something like that?
